Documented some performance tuning lessons. (#485)
digital-asset/docs.daml.com: docs/2.8.0/docs/canton/usermanual/troubleshooting_guide.rst

     * You are able to load the system fully. I.e. the load generator that you apply is submitting faster than the system can handle (i.e. you throttle using, for example, max 1000 pending commands, the latency grows linearly with num pending commands).

>      * You have optimised your model accordingly to reduce the transaction size.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     * You have optimized your model to reduce the transaction size.
```

Author: fixed
